org/example/webTest/domain/user/User.java
 org.example.webTest.domain.user.User
 org.example.webTest.domain.user.User$UserBuilder
org/example/webTest/config/auth/SecurityConfig.java
 org.example.webTest.config.auth.SecurityConfig
org/example/webTest/config/JpaConfig.java
 org.example.webTest.config.JpaConfig
org/example/webTest/web/PostsApiController.java
 org.example.webTest.web.PostsApiController
org/example/webTest/web/dto/PostsUpdateRequestDto.java
 org.example.webTest.web.dto.PostsUpdateRequestDto
 org.example.webTest.web.dto.PostsUpdateRequestDto$PostsUpdateRequestDtoBuilder
org/example/webTest/config/auth/LoginUserArgumentResolver.java
 org.example.webTest.config.auth.LoginUserArgumentResolver
org/example/webTest/domain/user/UserRepository.java
 org.example.webTest.domain.user.UserRepository
org/example/webTest/domain/posts/Posts.java
 org.example.webTest.domain.posts.Posts
 org.example.webTest.domain.posts.Posts$PostsBuilder
org/example/webTest/web/dto/PostsListResponseDto.java
 org.example.webTest.web.dto.PostsListResponseDto
org/example/webTest/web/dto/HelloResponseDto.java
 org.example.webTest.web.dto.HelloResponseDto
org/example/webTest/web/HelloController.java
 org.example.webTest.web.HelloController
org/example/webTest/domain/user/Role.java
 org.example.webTest.domain.user.Role
org/example/webTest/web/dto/PostsResponseDto.java
 org.example.webTest.web.dto.PostsResponseDto
org/example/webTest/domain/BaseTimeEntity.java
 org.example.webTest.domain.BaseTimeEntity
org/example/webTest/config/WebConfig.java
 org.example.webTest.config.WebConfig
org/example/webTest/Application.java
 org.example.webTest.Application
org/example/webTest/domain/posts/PostsRepository.java
 org.example.webTest.domain.posts.PostsRepository
org/example/webTest/service/posts/PostsService.java
 org.example.webTest.service.posts.PostsService
org/example/webTest/web/IndexController.java
 org.example.webTest.web.IndexController
org/example/webTest/config/auth/dto/SessionUser.java
 org.example.webTest.config.auth.dto.SessionUser
org/example/webTest/web/dto/PostsSaveRequestDto.java
 org.example.webTest.web.dto.PostsSaveRequestDto
 org.example.webTest.web.dto.PostsSaveRequestDto$PostsSaveRequestDtoBuilder
org/example/webTest/config/auth/LoginUser.java
 org.example.webTest.config.auth.LoginUser
org/example/webTest/config/auth/dto/OAuthAttributes.java
 org.example.webTest.config.auth.dto.OAuthAttributes
 org.example.webTest.config.auth.dto.OAuthAttributes$OAuthAttributesBuilder
org/example/webTest/config/auth/CustomOAuth2UserService.java
 org.example.webTest.config.auth.CustomOAuth2UserService
